 Good morning, can I have your resume? Yes, ma'am. Your good name? Sinduja Ma'am. Okay, Sinduja. Introduce yourself. First of all, thank you for giving me this wonderful opportunity to introduce myself. I am Sinduja Nani and I am basically from Javedya but currently staying in Hyderabad. I am getting my graduation in the stream of computer science in government degree college for women, who by the way, it is a separate education, money and university. In 2002, with 18% and I have a hobby, surf, or a browsing internet, and this is any music. And when I get a freedom, I like to play badminton and collecting more, till Sinduja they more way. Okay, Shatam goes to get a job in the IT sector and we will have a long term police degree and we will have a good position where I can make my career. My family comes to staffer for members including me. I am a very good student and I am very happy to be here. Why should I hire you? As I am a fresher, I have a good deal with college and communication skills. If you hire me, I can show my skills towards my work and I am very honest towards my work. I think this is the best platform to start my career in your company and I am very open to a person who can learn very fast. What are your technical skills? Python, Alak with the B-Jango. What are your hobbies? Business, music, camera, internet, etc. What are your strengths? My strengths are I am a positive and responsible person and I can handle any critical situations and I am building myself. What are your weaknesses? I feel uncomfortable, I am getting finished in my work. Why do you think you are a good fit for this job? I understand the job description. Whatever the requirements are needed for this person, I am very good in my skills. That much with your requirements. Can you handle working under pressure? Yes, I actually handle it very well and I can work under pressure because if you feel worth as a pressure, you can think for a smart base to overcome the workload. Are you comfortable for relocations? Yes, I am really good at this platform to start my career. I have no problem for relocating. What are your salary expeditions? I say pressure is not my first preference. This is a big platform to start my career and I have to learn more skills and knowledge. I expect considerable salary according to my ability and company norms which will fulfill my fundamental age. So come into the feedback. When you are giving an interview, you should be more confident. Don't lack your confidence. What your data you have prepared, you must be very good at that. You must have an call to your data. So when you are presenting yourself, you must be very good at your presentations also. Overall, all was good. Thank you. Thanks for coming.